Fix circular dependencies that pollutes version bump (#12495)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/extension/extension_migration.rst

   The ``anchor`` parameter of ``HoverBox.IOptions`` is now a ``DOMRect`` instead of ``ClientRect``.
   The ``CodeEditor.ICoordinate`` interface now extends ``DOMRectReadOnly`` instead of ``JSONObject, ClientRect``.

Testing with Jest
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Jest has been updated to 29.2.0 (and *ts-jest* to 29.0.0). And therefore the jest configuration provided by
``@jupyterlab/testutils`` is compatible for that version. In particular:

- The unmaintained reporter ``jest-summary-reporter`` has been replaced by the new default ``github-actions`` reporter.
- The helper ``flakyIt`` has been removed. You can use the new `jest.retryTimes <https://jestjs.io/docs/jest-object#jestretrytimesnumretries-options>`_ instead.

> With v4, we fixed circular dependencies due to the testutils package. So it is now only a facade to export

Reviewer: Maybe we can make that one explicit here:

```suggestion
With JupyterLab 4, we fixed circular dependencies due to the testutils package. So it is now only a facade to export
```
